index.md, before:

---

layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP Houston
tags: houston
region: North America
country: USA
meetup-group: owasp-houston-texas-chapter

---

<strong>Home Page</strong>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Chapter Leadership](leaders.md)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Study Groups](studygroups.md)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Past Events](pastevents.md)

## Welcome

Welcome to the Houston chapter homepage.

<hr/>

## Upcoming Events

### April InfoSec Professionals Happy Hour

#### When: Tuesday April 15 from 6:45 - 8:15 PM

#### Where: [Texas Biergarten](https://www.texasbiergarten.com/).
6302 Hwy 6, Suite Q Missouri City, TX 77459

#### Sponsor: [Allure Security](https://alluresecurity.com/)
<br><br>
[back to top](#welcome)

<hr>

## Participation
The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is a nonprofit foundation that works to improve the security of software. All of our projects, tools, documents, forums, and chapters are free and open to anyone interested in improving application security. 

Chapters are led by local leaders in accordance with the [Chapters Policy](/www-policy/operational/chapters). Financial contributions should only be made online using the authorized online donation button. 

Everyone is welcome and encouraged to participate in our [Projects](/projects/), [Local Chapters](/chapters/), [Events](/events/), [Online Groups](https://groups.google.com/a/owasp.com/), and [Community Slack Channel](https://owasp.slack.com/).

We especially encourage diversity in all our initiatives. OWASP is a fantastic place to learn about application security, to network, and even to build your reputation as an expert. We also encourage you to be [become a member](/membership/) or consider a [donation](/donate/) to support our ongoing work.

Commit message:

Added Event Sponsor and Meetup RSVP

index.md, after:

---

layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP Houston
tags: houston
region: North America
country: USA
meetup-group: owasp-houston-texas-chapter

---

<strong>Home Page</strong>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Chapter Leadership](leaders.md)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Study Groups](studygroups.md)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Past Events](pastevents.md)

## Welcome

Welcome to the Houston chapter homepage.

<hr/>

## Upcoming Events

### April InfoSec Professionals Happy Hour

#### When: Tuesday April 15 from 6:45 - 8:15 PM

#### Where: [Texas Biergarten](https://www.texasbiergarten.com/)
6302 Hwy 6, Suite Q Missouri City, TX 77459

#### Sponsor: [Allure Security](https://alluresecurity.com/)

Allure Security specializes in online brand protection, offering services to detect and dismantle fraudulent websites, social media accounts, and mobile applications that impersonate legitimate brands. Originating from a DARPA-funded research lab at Columbia University, the company leverages advanced artificial intelligence to identify and neutralize online scams before they can harm consumers. Allure Security works with 250+ customers with a primary focus on financial services and retail. 

#### [Meetup RSVP](https://www.meetup.com/owasp-houston-texas-chapter/events/307183757/)

<br><br>
[back to top](#welcome)

<hr>

## Participation
The Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP) is a nonprofit foundation that works to improve the security of software. All of our projects, tools, documents, forums, and chapters are free and open to anyone interested in improving application security. 

Chapters are led by local leaders in accordance with the [Chapters Policy](/www-policy/operational/chapters). Financial contributions should only be made online using the authorized online donation button. 

Everyone is welcome and encouraged to participate in our [Projects](/projects/), [Local Chapters](/chapters/), [Events](/events/), [Online Groups](https://groups.google.com/a/owasp.com/), and [Community Slack Channel](https://owasp.slack.com/).

We especially encourage diversity in all our initiatives. OWASP is a fantastic place to learn about application security, to network, and even to build your reputation as an expert. We also encourage you to be [become a member](/membership/) or consider a [donation](/donate/) to support our ongoing work.
