studygroups.md, before:

---

layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP Houston - Study Groups
tags: Houston

region: North America

altfooter: true

---

[Home Page](index.md)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Chapter Leadership](leaders.md)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<strong>Study Groups</strong>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Past Events](pastevents.md)


### Our Study Groups ###

<table>
  <tr><td width="80%">
    The <strong>OWASP Houston Study Group</strong> is intended to provide an organized gathering of like-minded IT professionals who want to learn more about application security.   This is done through mini-discussions, demos, presentations, and series of meetings to cover more involved topics (i.e. book topics).   Generally the topics will be participant-led, meaning that attendees will volunteer their time to present or lead a discussion, whether a one-time presentation of a topic they wish to review or need help with, or walk through topics of a particular chapter of a book being covered.  There will still be OWASP leadership involved with scheduling and such, but the idea is to get a better “hands-on” approach to create a more productive learning environment.  We learn more when we are involved.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

----

### Current Study Group Topic ###

Next study group session and topic is not yet determined.
<br>

----

Commit message:

Added new PowerShell study group series for July and August

studygroups.md, after:

---

layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP Houston - Study Groups
tags: Houston

region: North America

altfooter: true

---

[Home Page](index.md)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Chapter Leadership](leaders.md)
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;<strong>Study Groups</strong>
&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;[Past Events](pastevents.md)


## Our Study Groups ##

<table>
  <tr><td width="80%">
    The <strong>OWASP Houston Study Group</strong> is intended to provide an organized gathering of like-minded IT professionals who want to learn more about application security.   This is done through mini-discussions, demos, presentations, and series of meetings to cover more involved topics (i.e. book topics).   Generally the topics will be participant-led, meaning that attendees will volunteer their time to present or lead a discussion, whether a one-time presentation of a topic they wish to review or need help with, or walk through topics of a particular chapter of a book being covered.  There will still be OWASP leadership involved with scheduling and such, but the idea is to get a better “hands-on” approach to create a more productive learning environment.  We learn more when we are involved.</td>
  </tr>
</table>

----

## Current Study Group Topic ##

### Power up with PowerShell ###
<br>
This weekly one hour study group series is designed to help you learn how to use Windows PowerShell 5.1 and cross-platform PowerShell 7.x.

The focus will be on real world scenarios and learning by doing. The first sessions will focus on Windows but later sessions will cover 7.x on both Windows and Linux.

Since 5.1 is the default on Windows servers, we will start there. The primary IDE will be VS Code as it is the officially supported current PowerShell editor. Since you can't normally install it on production servers, though, running and debugging scripts in PowerShell ISE will also be covered as it overcomes the "it works on my system" issue.

### When ###
Every Wednesday from July 9 until August 27
<br>
7:15 PM - 8:15 PM

[Meetup RSVP](https://www.meetup.com/owasp-houston-texas-chapter/events/308593400)

----
